{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 WenQuanYi Micro Hei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s2\sbasedon18\snext19\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36 Heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\b\ab Strong Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\i\ai Emphasis;}
{\*\cs17\snext17\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext19\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s20\sbasedon19\snext20\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
{\s23\sbasedon0\snext23\noline Table Contents;}
{\s24\sbasedon23\snext24\qc\noline\b\ab Table Heading;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.1.6.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2018\mo1\dy1\hr14\min45}{\revtim\yr2018\mo1\dy1\hr14\min46}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}\deftab709
\viewscale120
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36\sb200\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Overview}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Metadata, data about data, is extremely important in data curation. Metadata helps us find the information we want, evaluate its relevance and reliability, see how it was derived from other data, select the right management or analysis tool, and more. You may recall the long list of data curation activities we presented in the first class --the creation or use of metadata is involved in almost every one of those.}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Readings}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Riley, J. (2004). Understanding metadata: What is metadata, and what is it for? (Primer Publication). National Information Standards Organization. Retrieved from\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.niso.org/apps/group_public/download.php/17446/Understanding%20Metadata.pdf" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.niso.org/apps/group_public/download.php/17446/Understanding%20Metadata.pdf}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Jones MB, Berkley C, Bojilova J, Schildhauer M (2001) Managing scientific metadata. IEEE Internet Computing 5(5): 59\u8211\'9668.\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~wkliao/XML/Managing_Sci_Metadata.pdf" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~wkliao/XML/Managing_Sci_Metadata.pdf}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Gray, J., Liu, D. T., Nieto-Santisteban, M., Szalay, A., DeWitt, D. J., & Heber, G. (2005). Scientific Data Management in the Coming Decade. SIGMOD Rec., 34(4), 34\u8211\'9641.\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1145/1107499.1107503" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://doi.org/10.1145/1107499.1107503}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
These may also be of interest:}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Willis, C., Greenberg, J., & White, H. (2012). Analysis and Synthesis of Metadata Goals for Scientific Data. J. Am. Soc. Inf. Sci. Technol., 63(8), 1505\u8211\'961520.\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22683" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22683}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Vardigan, M., Heus, P., & Thomas, W. (2008). Data documentation initiative: Toward a standard for the social sciences. International Journal of Digital Curation, 3(1): 107\u8211\'96113.\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.ijdc.net/index.php/ijdc/article/view/66" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.ijdc.net/index.php/ijdc/article/view/66}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Giles, J. R. (2011). Geoscience metadata\u8212\'97No pain, no gain. Geological Society of America Special Papers, 482, 29-33.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Michener, W.K., Brunt, J.W., Helly, J.J., Kirchner, T.B., & Stafford, S.G. (1997). Nongeospatial metadata for the ecological sciences. Ecological Applications, 7(1): 330-342.\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.jstor.org/stable/2269427" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.jstor.org/stable/2269427}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
DataOne Metadata:\~}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.dataone.org/best-practices/metadata" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://www.dataone.org/best-practices/metadata}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }