{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 WenQuanYi Micro Hei;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f9\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red102\green102\blue102;\red32\green137\blue204;\red33\green33\blue33;\red37\green37\blue37;\red242\green242\blue242;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36 Heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af9 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af9\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\noline\dbch\af9 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.1.6.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo9\dy6\hr13\min58}{\revtim\yr2017\mo9\dy6\hr19\min56}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}\deftab709
\viewscale160
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1360\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgdscnxt1 Converted4;}
{\pgdsc2\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1360\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgdscnxt2 Converted1;}
{\pgdsc3\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1340\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgdscnxt3 Converted2;}
{\pgdsc4\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgdscnxt4 Converted3;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36\sb200\sa120{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5
Summary of : Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks By E.F. Codd}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
This is a good paper written by EF Codd in 1970 for some one who wants a view of how relational database concept started and is one of the breakthrough in Relational Data Base systems and many concepts are adopted in designing many advanced and present database systems}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
This paper discusses the problem of data Independencies that is when there are changes in internal or external aspects of representation of data there should be minimal or no effect to users at the terminal end or in the applications accessing this data, and also data inconsistencies.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The advantages of relational model are it deals with derivability, redundancy, and consistency of relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The data can be stored different forms of orders of the records. Many applications fail to differentiate between the data storage ordering and data presentation ordering as a result applications can fail if the data stored ordering has to be changed.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Indexing data is with both pros and cons as it improves performance while querying and performing updates on data but they deteriorate the performance while inserting and deleting data and also is a redundant overhead. To perform well in changing patterns environment the indices need to be created and destroyed. Different applications provide different indexing properties.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The access paths for data are represented in tree-structures or networking model, but many applications fail if any of underlying model is\line altered. To deal this problem an impractical solution suggested was to not to decide an access path to be obsolete till all the application programs use the path.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The relational model is well explained with its properties such as: Each row is distinct, representing n-tuple in an n-ary relation \u8216\'91R\u8217\'92 with no particular order and each column has distinct order and well are defined with a label. Ordering of columns is needed as the order determines the relation in some tables, if the domain names are identical and to deal with time-varying relations. But if the relation is of higher order it is better to have unique domain names and the relations as domain-unordered.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
A domain that is unique over all the tuples in a relation is called the primary key of the relation. The main attribute of primary key is to be non-redundant and it might be a simple domain or a combination. If there are more than one simple domain with such properties one among them can be selected as the primary key of the relation.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The requirement of Primary key is for cross-reference of elements in same relation or elements of other relation. In the second case to cross-reference elements in other relation the foreign key of a relation should be a primary key for another relation.\line The process of eliminating non-simple domains is called normalization. Identifying the primary key and inserting it over other relations as foreign key and eliminating the redundant/complex domains across all the relations and recursively performing this procedure over all the relations until all the relations has simple domains will normalize a data set.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The primary conditions for an unnormalized relation to be able to normalize are: Must have non-simple domains, which are collection of trees, and the primary key should have a simple component domain. Not only storage and representation of data but also the communication of bulk data is simplified through Normalization.\line The normal form of data can be represented through first ordered predicate calculus. Which would simplify the ability to access the data form large data bank and communication through different programming languages. The required arithmetic functions can be defined in the programming language and invoked in relation.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
A network view uses more names for data elements than required, as the names are also associated with their paths rather than their relations. A certain stored relation can be exploited with using the combinations of its arguments with knowns and unknowns and this is called symmetric exploitation. For an n-ary relation to support symmetric exploitation it needs n factorial paths to be named and controlled. To express an n-ary relation using only (nested) binary representation it needs 2n-1 names instead of n+1 names using n-ary notation.\line The two collections of relations are named set and expressible set where \u8216\'91named set\u8217\'92 is a subset of \u8216\'91expressible set\u8217\'92. A named set is a collection of relations, which can be identified by simple name. A relation can be a member of a named set if declared by an authorized user. An expressible set is collection of relations designated by expressions in data language. These are constructed from simple names of relations in named set.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
To determine the class of stored representation to be supported is one of the major problems of the designer. In a stored representation data should allow to translate user request to corresponding relational model.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
All usual set operations can be applicable on relations and result may not be a relation. Permutation, Projection, Join, Composition, and Restriction are some operations specific for relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Permutation: when a permutation (interchanging of columns) is applied to the columns of and n-ary relation it results in a relation known as permutation of a given relation. There is n! Possible results.\line Projection: certain selected rows in a relation are duplicated as a new relation leaving unselected rows.\line Join: Two relations, which can be joined without loss of information to form new relation. An element, which gives plurality to a join, is called \u8216\'91point of ambiguity\u8217\'92.\line Composition: composition is a projection of a join thus only joinable relations are composable and two relations need not have n composition even though there exists n joins among them.\line Restriction: restriction is a subset of a relation, which eventually is a relation. Restriction is defined only if equality is applicable among the elements of the relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Two types of possible redundancies are in named set of relations and stored set of representations. If a collection of operations (\u952\'3f) in a certain order on relation R results in a particular relation S for all time then Relation R is \u952\'3f derivable from set S.\line If a relation exists in a set of relations that has the projection, which can be derived from other projections of relations in the set, then the set is known as strong redundant. The existence of strong redundancy is for user convenience to cope with the traffic. This may result in existence of both named and stored representations. But if the redundancy in the stored set exists, this will drop the query time and will be a occupying extra storage space and update time.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
If a relation that has projection, which is not directly derivable form, other projections of relations but it from the projection of some join of other projections in the set it is known as weak redundancy. The weak redundancy exists in both stored set and named set of representations and exists due to logical needs of community users.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
To deduce the redundancies pertaining to named sets the information system should contain detailed semantic information about each named set. If an instantaneous value of a time varying relation always results with same results for a set of constraints then data set is consistent. The consistency is the property of instantaneous state and in independent form the tasks performed to reach that state. The checking of inconsistency can be done on every update or insert or deletion actions performed with a penalty of some time and every action can be logged to identify the actions led to that inconstancy or the journal should be maintained to track down all state changing transactions.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl364\slmult0\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1360\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgndec\sbkpage\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\li253\ri191\lin253\rin191\fi244\sb19\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5
A RELATIONAL MODEL OF DATA}{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5
FOR LARGE SHARED DATA BANKS}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\sb10\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\dbch\af7\dbch\af8\afs36\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Through the internet, I find more information about Edgar F. Codd. He is a}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
mathematician and computer scientist who laid the theoretical foundation for}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
relational databases--the standard method by which information is organized in and}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
retrieved from computers. In 1981, he received the A. M. Turing Award, the}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
highest honor in the computer science field for his fundamental and continuing}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
contributions to the theory and practice of database management systems.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
This paper is concerned with the application of elementary relation theory to}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
systems which provide shared access to large banks of formatted data. It is divided}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
into two sections. In section 1, a relational model of data is proposed as a basis for}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
protecting users of formatted data systems from the potentially disruptive changes}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
in data representation caused by growth in the data bank and changes in traffic. A}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
normal form for the time-varying collection of relationships is introduced. In}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Section 2, certain operations}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
on relations are discussed and applied to the problems of redundancy and}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
consistency in the user's model.}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1360\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgndec\sbkpage\pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri516\lin100\rin516\fi0\sb36\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Relational model provides a means of describing data with its natural structure}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
only--that is, without superimposing any additional structure for machine}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
representation purposes. Accordingly, it provides a basis for a high level data}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
language which will yield maximal independence between programs on the one}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
hand and machine representation and organization of data on the other.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri175\lin100\rin175\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
A further advantage of the relational view is that it forms a sound basis for treating}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
derivability, redundancy, and consistency of relations. Finally, the relational view}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
permits a clearer evaluation of the scope and logical limitations of present}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
formatted data systems, and also the relative merits.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri175\lin100\rin175\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
If the user's relational model is set up in normal form, names of items of data in the}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
data bank can take a simpler form than would otherwise be the case. A general}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
name would take a form such as}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\li100\ri0\lin100\rin0\fi0\sb71\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
R (g).r.d}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\sb3\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri175\lin100\rin175\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
where R is a relational name; g is a generation identifier (optional); r is a role name}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
(optional); d is a domain name. Since g is needed only when several generations of}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
a given relation exist, or are anticipated to exist, and r is needed only when the}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
relation R has two or more domains named d, the simple form R.d will often be}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
adequate.}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1340\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgndec\sbkpage\pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qj\li100\ri112\lin100\rin112\fi0\sb36\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The operation of the relational data can use relational algebra or relational calculus}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
to express. They are the basis of the actual relationship language and are equivalent}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
to each other.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri209\lin100\rin209\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
The adoption of a relational model of data permits the development of a universal}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
data sublanguage based on an applied predicate calculus. There are two forms:}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
tuple relational calculus and domain relational calculus, which are tuples with}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
relations as predicates and the domain variables.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl501\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0\sb71\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
In the second section , it mainly talks about the redundancy and consistency.}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Firstly, Edgar F. Codd introduced a few additional operations about set. As we all}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
know, traditional set operations include union, intersection, difference, product and}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl-304\slmult0\li100\ri0\lin100\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
so on. The operations discussed in this section are specially for relations. It play a}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\sb1\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\li100\ri0\lin100\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
key role in deriving relations from other relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\sb2\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Permutation, projection, join, composition, restriction form a complete set of}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
operations. And the other relational algebra operations can be a combination of}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
these five operations to achieve. Thus we are now in a position to consider various}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
applications of these operations on relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri191\lin100\rin191\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Secondly, we can know something about redundancy. A set of relations is strongly}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
redundant if it contains at least one relation that possesses a projection which is}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
derivable from other projections of relations in the set.}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1340\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1400\margbsxn280\pgndec\sbkpage\pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri157\lin100\rin157\fi0\sb36\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
A collection of relations is weakly redundant if it contains a relation that has a}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
projection which is not derivable from other members but is at all times a}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
projection of some join of other projections of relations in the collection.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri157\lin100\rin157\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Thirdly, Relational database can maintain the data consistency. Enabling data}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
sharing, Relational database reduces an amount of duplicate data and data}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
redundancy. Whenever the named set of relations is redundant in either sense, we}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
shall associate with that set a collection of statements which define all of the}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
redundancies which hold independent of time between the member relations.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri157\lin100\rin157\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
After writing the article\u8221\'94 A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Banks\u8221\'94, he continued to carefully develop series of papers. Dr. Codd built upon}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
this space and in doing so has provided the impetus for widespread research into}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
numerous related areas, including database languages, query subsystems, database}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
semantics, locking and recovery, and inferential subsystems.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li100\ri157\lin100\rin157\fi0\sb72\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
Since the 1980s, almost all database management systems which computer makers}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
launched have supported the relational model. Banks rely on relational database to}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
track liquidity; retailers use them to monitor inventory levels; HR staff uses them}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
to manage the accounts; libraries, hospitals and government agencies rely on them}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
to store millions of records. Over 40 years passed, relational database has already}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
been the basis for today\u8217\'92s businesses.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li100\ri215\lin100\rin215\fi0\sb36\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
When I am writing this review, there are still many puzzles in my mind. Although}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
it is not difficult to know the meaning of each word, it is still not easy to well}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
understand the meaning of the whole article after reading it several times. I know}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
there are many things I have to learn. Just like one of my classmates said, "the}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
adventure in the database begins." We may meet many challenges latter on. Just}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
facing and beating them, we will get a further understand about the joy of learning}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex99\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\charscalex100\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5
and life.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\scaps0\caps0\cf1\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f5

\par }